when you come to the Masai Mara
if you see one cheater I think you
should be over the moon like to see
eight almost fully grown cheaters it's
just a riot of spots
[Music]
eight half hours of looking we've
finally got a phone call to say that
they've found five so that's great news
we get again find them now and see what
they're doing
[Music]
we were expecting five cheetahs there
are actually eight which is quite
bizarre and very unusual to the eight
sheets Israel together
[Music]
it's unlike anything I've ever seen
seeing a cheater is you know the title
Lions make sense but uh let's call them
a relay team of cheetah is just
wonderful
[Music]